My Lord, this is Jeremiah from Manifeth.
The man whom Jehovah has called to be a prophet, welcome.
King Josiah, all the faithful ones
support your campaign against a Dollar Tree.
We have done as you direct them, my Lord.
And since you began this campaign 18 months ago,
you have gained many supporters.
This is true yet.
Many have continued worshiping Bale, men like Ben Matten.
Pose a great threat.
The people may even resort to violence
to oppose this great work.
No doubt.
My Lord, do you feel that you may not have
what it takes to complete such a task?
Restoring pure worship will take much more effort.
What it's the right thing to do.
You're right, Josiah.
But you're not doing this in human strength.
Jehovah is on your side.
You will give you the courage, wisdom, and strength
to complete this work.
When I expressed doubt in my own abilities,
Jehovah told me, do not say I am just a boy.
But Jehovah spoke to you directly, Jeremiah.
How can I be sure that he'll back me up that way?
Jeremiah just told me of a prophecy, given hundreds of years ago
after King Jeroboam set up his own altar in the northern kingdom.
By the word of Jehovah,
the man of God came from Judah to Bethel
while Jeroboam was standing by the altar
to make sacrificial smoke.
Then he called out against the altar
by the word of Jehovah and said,
oh, altar, altar.
This is what Jehovah says.
Look, a son named Josiah will be born
to the house of David.
And he will sacrifice on you the priests of the high places,
those making sacrificial smoke on you.
And he will burn human bones on you.
So do not waver in a lack of faith, Josiah.
Become powerful by faith, like our father Abraham.
Jehovah also spoke to me, Josiah.
He said, I will wipe out from this place every vestige of bail.
The name of the foreign god priests, along with the priests.
I will call to account the princes, the sons of the king
and all those wearing foreign clothing.
Neither their silver nor their gold will save them.
He will bring to nothing all the gods of the earth.